So in the previous videos and I'm going to click here and go back next year we added the first blog.
So we have something like this and this is fine and you can see we have the right.
Everything is looking red.
And of course this will change based on the theme that you are using.
So let's continue working with these.
You can see we have a lot of Norris's here.
You can close these
and everything is going to be like this.
We can close these.
So that our warming is telling us that we need to configure other things but at the moment it's OK.
So from here for example you have that thought Well we have the description of it you will find the
brochure description and maybe the description that we have here is more suitable right here in the
short descriptions of what I call the East End page right here.
And if you open a door you'll find that we have these long descriptions.
We're going to copy these ideas and paste right here.
So when not remove these and you can see something like this you can click on update and then up and
broke on the front end.
So now you can see we have something different.
Now you can see we have so much we have the prize and we have the short description right here.
And so if I scroll you can see that this clip shown right here.
So this is nice.
I think this is better.
Kevin nice man description right here.
And at the description here on the bottom it's a front here in case you have some great you can click
here and you can see the words the show and other sections of the page.
So that's looking nice.
So for example here on the right you can see that can categories this works exactly like categories
that you have in posting Wordpress or you can have a new category and from here you cannot for example
always an
the new cut or you can see you know there was an update reload the front and and under it you can see
that we have these breadcrumb comm Thorwaldsen global.
So you can go on towels and this went on display all the that you have in this category you can see
her brother categories right here.
And that's a look you find the towers.
And it's showing the single resolute.
So for example you can add so that you can add something they
spa at home something like that clicking on at an update and reload up and these and you can see that
they were on the top.
And we also have the categories right here and right here we have the task.
So this is going to be important once you launch your site because these categories and tags will help
you a lot with the search engine optimization for your web site.
So in the next video we're going to add another pro and we're going to learn more stuff about these
interface.